Listen to me, Burt.
Nobody likes you.
Nobody will ever like you.
Welcome to the
amazing world of magic.
Everyone loves a magician.
And they'll love you too.
- Do you want to be my partner?
- More than anything!
I'm Burt Wonderstone!
And I'm Anton Marvelton!
But of course you already new that!
Your ticket sales suck.
What?
Steve Gray, they're calling him
the future of magic.
The guy is magician
and he doesn't even have a costume.
I'm sure you've seen people
walk on red hot coals.
But I doubt you've seen anyone
spend the night on red hot coal.
You need to do something fresh.
So, this is where
all entertainers go to die?
And some are not so old.
May I see that for a minute?
Watch this!
- What have you done?
- I'm a magician.
They should have explained that
to you earlier.
You're Rance Holloway.
I had your magic kit as a kid.
I'll give you your money back.
What you're feeling right now.
That's why you became a magician.
- How did you do that?
- It's partially deboned.
What you do is not magic.
It's natural for a dying leaf
to be frighten by the autumn wind.
Your skin makes me crack.
We need some sort
of grand illusion!
You and Burt Wonderstone
plan to stay in the box an entire week?
- I can't breath!
- It's only been 20 minutes!
This is the best trick ever!
For twelve days
he's held his urine.
- What is going through your mind?
- I really have to pee, Richard.
It's time
for my final disappearing act.
- Where did he go?
- He has gone to a better place.
Good bye, Rance.
- He's under the bed.
- I know.
Subtitle: www.pchq.fr